● Imagine yourself as a Developer who builds a product to track employee attendance.
○ Write steps you would take.
Start by understanding the scope of the project.
Start thinking about the potential edge cases.
Consult Software architect to get tech stack to use.
Get the APIs for the database.
Start thinking about test cases.
○ How will you develop it?
Break down the task into small tasks.
Start implementing functionality ( decided by the product manager for MVP ) and write test cases while maintaining proper documentation. 
Find optimization in developed code to reduce bottlenecks.
○ What would be the name of the product
Attendance 2.0



● Imagine yourself as a Software architect who builds a product to track employee
attendance.
○ Write steps you would take.
Think about the size of the data and the flow of the user.
Consult the PM for the scope of the project.
Choose the tech stack according to the user base.
○ How will you develop it?
Start by making a proper architecture of the system.
Identify bottlenecks and possible edge cases.
Choose either to host a full or partial system on company servers or choose the cloud for hosting according to userbase.
Break down the work and assign it to developers.
○ What would be the name of the product?
Yearbook
○ What will be the tech stack?
The tech stack depends upon the userbase.
Small userbase -
HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT (for front end)
Django ( for backend )
Use sql database for local storage and cloud database for backups.


● Imagine yourself as a Cloud Engineer who builds a product to track employee
attendance.
○ Write steps you would take.
Understand the size of the user pool and peak hours requirements.
Consult PM to either to make system only for company or create it as a saas
○ Which services will you be using?
Identify which cloud services to use according to project requirements and the given budget like if, if the project requirement is also to do some analysis on data then use Google GCP because of big query and its own ML platform.
○ What would be the name of the product?
Instance 2.0
○ What will be the tech stack?
Docker , Jenkins , Apache Kafka ( for data pipeline ) , Postgres 



● Imagine yourself as a Business Analyst who builds a product to track employee
attendance.
○ Write steps you would take.
Find what insights will be getting out of this product.
Discuss the potential implementation of the product with PM to better understand the capabilities of the product.
○ What will be the features
For user
Mark attendance, apply for leaves, view all the persons who are going to take leave, view all the announcements related to the company.
For Company
Monitor employee engagement.
Get insights about each employee.
    
○ What would be the name of the product?
tracker
